Hello and welcome again in this new section in this section we're going to talk a little about Hulst
profile the host profiled is like when we create a template virtual machine.
In the previous course we cover our fall section about cloning and a complete virtual machine how to
create a complex picture machine.
Also we cover how to create our customization specification file for every virtual machine.
Also we can do the same step at the level of the host in the preview work a delivery of a virtual machine.
Now we can create our profile for different tasks.
Of course the value of a hospital fight it's not very important in a smart environment like this one
that we have only tricky ethics.
But induce big environment with 20 100 200 1000 physical hosts.
It's very very useful to have a host profile.
So when you're config different E6 I host you can simply do it one time and apply it.
Are you is I host available.
So how we get to host profile.
We can't go to the home like that.
Then we have our option create a hosts profile.
So this is the highest profile.